sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

sentece_la1:think about meaning
sentece_la2:réfléchir au sens
old align
think - réfléchir  meaning - sens  

